I I couldn't scream loud enough there's
nothing I could do to make it go away or
to make them stop I I didn't
are UK talking about this
um
can we take a break Mia Khalifa Mia
Khalifa Mia Khalifa Mia Khalifa I'm
Sarah I'm Sarah [__] Joe Sarah Joe
the former adult film star now business
owner and social media activist with
over 50 million followers where should
this story start I lived through a lot
of conflict in Lebanon and then I moved
to America and I was bullied for being
Middle Eastern it was around the time of
9 11 that was pretty difficult made a
lot of choices that I can't take back
your husband when you're 18 years old is
encouraging you towards the adult
entertainment industry what did they
stand to gain from that
fetishization I [__] up because I
signed a contract that says in
perpetuity on it do you know how
dangerous and predatory that is when was
your anxiety at its highest the company
going after me publicly the major
production companies tray on vulnerable
young women
shower I didn't brush my teeth and eat
didn't leave my bed it's following me
for the rest of my life but I am not the
sum of the things I've been through or
the adversities I've faced for people
that are really struggling how did you
get out of that phase
foreign
and no this is an emergency I've spent
the last two years writing a book and
I've written 33 laws for business
marketing and life that I derive from
all of these conversations I've had here
I traveled the world to write this book
I interviewed some of the most
incredible people I did
six months of extensive research on
scientific studies and principles to
cooperate everything that I wrote into
these 33 laws and ladies and gentlemen
that book called The Diary of a CEO the
33 laws for business marketing and life
is now available for pre-order
and there are five thousand only five
thousand signed copies
and its first come first serve the link
is in the bio right now so if you want
that book honestly it's the best book
I've ever written it's the book I always
should have written it's the book I also
wish someone had written for me when I
was starting out in my career
I'm really proud of it I'm really really
proud of it really really proud of it
and I can't wait for all of you to get
to read it it's out in August I couldn't
be more excited about this as you can
probably tell I don't know what to say
to say other than the words I've said to
emphasize my excitement because I think
it's important and I think it's really
valuable
um Link in the description
[Music]
where should where does Your Story start
what is the most sort of pertinent
moment that you recall from your memory
that is shape the woman that has sat in
front of me today
it honestly feels like
the last year or two that's that's where
that's where my life started and where I
should start because the woman that's in
front of you right now has been a work
in progress and is still a work in
progress and I feel like I've been my
like my most authentic and purest form
of myself in the past year or two
like the closer to today we get the more
secure I feel and who I am and who that
person is but obviously there was a lot
of other things that
happened to get me to this point but
yeah to answer that question like a year
or two let's start at the end then um
which is today yeah why why
the closer we are to today the more
authentic you feel to yourself why I'm
I'm going after the things I actually
want and I'm growing into my confidence
and
the self-assurance that I've gained from
from doing the things I love and
accomplishing my goals has formed who I
am and it feels really good and it feels
very validating and it's just
it's never clicked before and they
always say like oh the confidence is the
key to everything confidence will unlock
everything for you and I never really
understood that because it's like okay
where the [__] does the confidence come
from how do you just simply get
confident and
um I have grown to realize that
confidence comes from
just accomplishing things that you want
to accomplish and being proud of
yourself and that Pride
makes you feel confident like I I feel
confident even when I mess up now
whereas if I messed up
five six ten years ago it would send me
into
a pit of Shame
um a really unhealthy
just
downward spiral that would get me
nowhere
foreign
did you ever imagine being here did you
ever imagine being in the state you
currently are today happiness confidence
etc etc and I don't want to put words in
your mouth there in terms of the word
happiness but the place you are today
in the res over the last 10 did you
imagine you would get to this point or
did this seem unimaginable
it seemed unimaginable for a while but
my mental health was also not as strong
as it is today
um there was there was a lot of periods
in my life where I couldn't see past
48 Hours let alone 10 years it was very
day-to-day for a while and I think
that's why I'm so confident because
right now if you ask me what I can see
in 10 years I feel like I can answer
that I know what I want I know what my
goals are and what I want to accomplish
so
yeah even in interviews five years ago
when they would ask me where do you see
yourself in five years I would always
say I have no [__] clue I don't know
where I see myself next week
and what changed
taking risks honestly
um
just taking a few risks here and there
and seeing them play out for the better
and
learning from my mistakes and learning
what I want and
saying no to a lot of things to get to
what I want like job opportunities and
and things that didn't really align with
what I thought I wanted in a year or two
or five years or even 10 years as like
my confidence started to grow and I
started to actually see life plans for
myself
um
taking taking risks and
walking away from those risks either
having them play out for the better or
um
learning from the mistakes and learning
oh this didn't work this is what I need
to do next time oh this didn't work I
crossed my own
I I crossed the boundary of mine and now
I don't feel good now I know this is
past where I should be pushing myself a
lot of trial and error
confidence confidence is a through line
throughout your story
um take me back to your earliest
memories of lacking in confidence yeah
and where because you know I came to
this country from Botswana in Africa
when I was a young young boy and I
struggled I think we both struggled with
um being accepted by the culture we had
arrived in me and Plymouth only black
kid curly hair trying to figure out why
my hair's not straight relaxing it
chemically all the time
um why were there any black family in
this all white school etc etc and then
that battle with like the lack of
enoughness not feeling like I was enough
and what I did to try and make myself
feel like I was enough but take me back
to your story at the earliest moment
where you struggled with
um not feeling like you're enough or
confident enough
I mean it does it's not even coming to
America it's being in Lebanon there was
colorism there I was the darkest one in
my family there was colorism at the
school that I was at
um I felt like a bit of an outsider
because I was darker than what the
beauty standard for a Lebanese girl is
which is light light skin light lighter
skin all of undertones dark hair green
eyes like that's the epitome of a
beautiful woman in Lebanon
um and then I moved to America and that
just got
it went to the extreme side of that I
was definitely one of the
darkest kids I was bullied for being
Middle Eastern it was around the time of
9 11 that was pretty difficult
um especially since
it was in Washington DC and Washington
DC was heavily impacted by 9 11. UM the
Pentagon was hit New York is not that
far from us it's about four hours like
so many people in my school either had
family and parents that worked at the
Pentagon it was a lot of
bullying that then turned into
internalized racism and all I wanted to
do from then forward like you said you
wanted to relax your hair you wanted to
you you wanted to assimilate and fit in
I also wanted the same thing and I just
I held that in and it it turned into
internalized racism
how did that go through because I I
often reflect and I'm I think it's taken
me time to look back in hindsight and
realize what I was feeling versus in the
moment you're kind of just in a state of
like defense it's like how do I get
through today how do I get these people
to like me versus you know and I look
back and think no man you had so much
shame like you were carrying around
shame and insecurity
um how did that go at that time so you
how old are you at this point seven ten
eleven
um eight nine eight nine okay
and how how were you aware of your
feelings I guess is the question yeah
yeah yeah very much so I think I think
yeah I've always been
an introvert and
um very aware of of what I was going
through and
angsty and even like going into my teen
years I've always been aware of the fact
that I what I was feeling is shame or
what I was feeling is
um
I'm not feeling like I'm enough I
feel like yes I've always been aware of
that feeling it there was also confusion
with it but
I think self-awareness has been
prevalent the whole time what was your
relationship like with yourself in those
teen years I was very hard on myself
um I was very
angry at myself for not fitting in and
for not being a certain way and
um
yeah just
I did not like myself
I didn't like the reflection in the
mirror and
me not liking the reflection in the
mirror obviously affected my confidence
my self-esteem everything so in turn I
also didn't like the choices that I was
making which made me not only hate the
reflection but hate the person that I
was with at the end of the day
the choices you're making yeah
um I think insecurity leads you to
leads you to do things for validation
that you otherwise wouldn't if you were
securing yourself or if you respected
yourself or if you loved yourself
like relationship choices relationship
choices
um lifestyle choices anything anything
what are some of those so in the context
of relationships I'm doing this
conversation with multiple people I've
started to sort of piece dots together
around if your self-esteem is lacking
you might become a people pleaser yeah
in your in your work so you might you
know be exploited by your work and you
might not get what you deserve in your
job is there anything else that you've
seen as a symptom or a consequence of
having real low self-esteem that people
might be able to relate to
like for you so much it's such a broad
spectrum because you can either turn
into a people pleaser or you can turn
into an insufferable a people pleaser on
the surface level everyone loves it
people pleaser they they want to please
everybody but the downside of a people
pleaser is they want to please everybody
they
have no boundaries with themselves or
with other people they don't respect
their own boundaries they don't respect
others boundaries if they're
people-pleasing person a and what person
B wants goes against what person a wants
they will find a way to please both of
them so a people pleaser
also turns into
someone who lies someone who deceives
someone who is a habitual boundary
Crosser with themselves and with other
people like it's there's there's a
spectrum to it I would say it was
definitely a people pleaser I also
sought validation from
from people who's looking back on it now
whose opinion I probably shouldn't have
respected back then let alone today
um
so that is that was a that was a
downside
um
made a lot of choices that I that I
can't take back
porn being one of the biggest ones but I
feel like that wasn't even the first one
the first one was getting into a
relationship that I never should have
been in with someone who
was
extremely abusive extremely
dangerous in the sense that
looking back on it and and having the
self-awareness and and being able to
call it what it was is
grooming it was
it was
it was just a relationship that
I feel like a lot of girls get into when
they're in their late teens
what what does that happen what do you
mean this really getting into a
relationship when you're roughly 18
years old wasn't it the relationship
started when I was 16. okay and then
went until I was about 20. and this
person was significantly older than you
yes
yes the
age difference was how to play in that
Dynamic my low self-esteem had a play in
that Dynamic
um
everything was just kind of like
16. yeah
this person's double your age no no no
it was about a 10-year age difference
okay
and at 16 what were you when you looked
forward to your future had you ask
yourself that question about you know
what happens in 10 years time no I
wouldn't have known what happened in a
week's time it was I mean
I got I got talked into eloping to Las
Vegas four days after my 18th birthday
so if you ask me where I see myself in
five years I don't I don't know I would
have looked at you with doe eyes and
said I don't know and then looked over
again where do you see me in five years
like
I
I didn't have
a sense of self so I attached myself to
someone who was more than happy to abuse
that and someone who could see that and
see someone easily
manipulatable yeah but
at the same time
eager to please
so
yeah it was just the perfect storm
Perfect Storm yeah you got married at
18. yeah
even that is
uncommon to say the least yeah
um do not recommend it
So when you say like this this you know
this person clearly took advantage of
several things that were present in you
whether that was low self-esteem or
um you know just general inexperience
and naivety of being a young a young
woman
um
which direction in life did they push
you in towards
did they push you towards becoming a a
really good partner to them or do they
put you push in a professional direction
or was it did they pull you towards them
themselves yeah it was there there was
there was no encouragement there was no
pushing towards anything it was an
extremely unhealthy relationship and
I I even feel weird calling it a
relationship because the dynamic was not
one of a relationship it was more one of
someone who saw a toy to play with
um
they were
the industry they were in is probably
not the one that you're thinking of they
were in the Army so it wasn't even it
had nothing to do with
the porn industry but it also had
everything to do with it they were the
ones who
kind of
put that whole world in front of me and
encouraged it and they encouraged it oh
very much so your husband yeah
struggle to understand
this
how so your husband when you're 18 years
old is encouraging you towards the adult
entertainment industry it started off as
just online
but then eventually yeah when when I was
asked to to
I was given I was given a business card
and told to think about it I went home I
laughed it off and the consensus was you
should do it I think it would be great
that's what I mean okay so you'll um I
read this story you were out out at
lunch somewhere someone a guy walks up
to you when you're how old
20 and gives you a business card and
says if you ever want to consider
getting into the entertainment industry
here's my number you take that home I
was wondering this when I read read
about that part of your story um
what happened post that business card
you know because I think when she was
married so you know I've got a partner
my my girlfriend comes home and says a
man's come up to me in the street and
given me a card and made me an offer
like that
um
my I'm gonna be honest my natural
disposition would be to like [__]
plan the card yeah
like well they were also unhealthy had
mental health issues that
I don't know if they've ever addressed
but
it's a sickness and
they were not the right but what the
whole point of this is when your
relationship with yourself isn't right
you are not going to find the right
person you're not going to choose the
right person you're not going to choose
someone who
wants the best for you or will bring the
best out of you because you don't want
that for yourself
what were they getting out of it are you
doing that you accepting the invitation
from that business card what did they
stand to gain from that
fetishization really that was it
so there wasn't a commercial element or
anything like that for them
do you forgive that person
no I forgive myself yeah yeah do you
think there's a need to forgive people
in life
um I think you need to forgive yourself
for if someone has crossed your boundary
you need to forgive yourself for letting
that happen for giving them a position
in your life to hurt you like that me
telling you that wasn't to
explain or shift blame it was to give
context as to where I was mentally
how would you from from that point
onwards from 20 years onwards then for
the next couple of years when you look
back at the the mere
um Sarah Sarah yeah
yeah yeah but it also it's not I don't
take offense to I did I did
a while ago but I don't take offense to
it or I don't feel like my name's
actually Sarah it's either or you
probably could Sarah I do yeah yeah okay
um so that's Sarah through that period
of your life characterized by low
self-esteem people around her
um capitalizing on that in various
different ways you in your own words not
knowing better at that time in your life
um at that point in your life 20 21 22
you go and study right so you you study
at University
again with the aim of pursuing some kind
of academic academic or professional
Pursuit and what was that history
history yeah didn't really see
even then I didn't see like a like a
future doing anything I just thought I
really enjoy studying history felt like
watching a movie like it I I'm enamored
with like it it's my favorite subject it
felt like the easiest thing
um
the second easiest thing is like
psychology oh I love psychology yeah
exactly they're the interesting ones
they're the juicy they're the juicy
Majors
um
I didn't see myself doing anything other
than
whatever I had going on the next week
and then I guess the furthest I thought
ahead was I guess I'll
work in archives or work in a museum or
something I didn't have a plan like oh I
want to be a teacher or something
I've heard you talk about weight loss
and weight related issues attached to
the self-esteem conversation what role
did your weight play in um all of this
and the self-esteem and the confidence
and Body Image issues and all that I
think a pretty large one
my weight now still fluctuates and the
more that I've worked on myself in
therapy the less that bothers me and my
and affects my relationship with myself
so even
in the months where I feel like I do not
look like myself I don't feel like
myself I've let myself go a little bit
it doesn't affect me the way it used to
10 years ago
um I don't fall
yeah I I don't let it get to me as much
anymore but it did for a very long time
because it was
um
I weighed like 60 pounds more than this
which is a lot that's a huge amount of
weight to lose yeah I read that the ways
that you lost that weight were slightly
um troubling yeah I mean I wasn't eating
well I wasn't
exercising well I had unhealthy habits I
was young
therapy you went to therapy that's
helped you get to to where you are today
yeah what role has therapy played in
your life and when did you first start
going to therapy oh the biggest role
2016.
yeah
the biggest role I don't I mean I'm
still in therapy I don't see myself ever
stopping really
I cycle out therapists it's like
yeah I love it I love I love feeling
like okay I'm ready
I'm ready for a first start I'm ready
for someone new I'm ready for a new
perspective
um it's it's it's a way to keep me
grounded
every week I have to sit down and
analyze
myself my my thoughts my past like I
have to dig down and actually come face
to face with the decisions I've made the
my ways of thinking my my relationship
with myself like there's accountability
with therapy and I think that's the
biggest impact I guess accountability
yeah what are they when you've dug down
and sought to understand yourself
um what are some of the key takeaways
you've taken from from therapy
as it reads so when I think about that
question if I was beyond the receiving
end of it one of the first things that
comes to mind is actually my my ongoing
evolution of understanding why I was so
avoidant in relationships like always
running away from any woman even if I
pursued her and then she turned and said
okay let's be boyfriend and girlfriend I
would just bounce and I had sort of like
toxic model of like what love was from
my parents but then also all the shame
and insecurities like I think I'm
ambitious no I'm being dragged by this
need to be enough right so those are
kind of the two two Top Line ideas that
I took away from my experience with sort
of introspection are there any like big
picture ideas that you've taken away
from therapy that were Epiphany moments
connected dots
that's a loaded question because I I'm
so grateful for all of the information
I've learned about myself like like the
dots I've been able to connect like how
being triggered by something
a friend of mine says is actually
related to the way that I felt like the
way that I felt ostracized on the
playground when no one wanted to play
with me and like one little thing even
though they didn't mean it that way or
or even
had any malicious intent behind it has
then taken me back to
that 12 year old girl who just feels so
alone and doesn't know what she did
wrong and and just wants to people
please and
I think the best part of therapy is
within a split yeah have you seen that
so raven no it's this show with Raven
Simone on the Disney Channel when we
when we were growing up and she has
these Visions she's a psychic and she
just like stares off into space and then
she zooms out and then she zooms back in
and no time has gone but she saw maybe a
30 minute Vision play out
um but she comes back and it's been like
a split second and that's how that's
what therapy feels like it takes me back
and I analyze that moment and I
understand that that moment is not this
moment and my friend
cares about me and she's not actually
trying to make me feel like no one wants
to play with me on the playground just
because she said you can come if you
want and not I want you to come you know
what I mean
um I think that's
that's the magic behind therapy it gives
you time traveling superpowers
has it has it changed your perception of
the period of your life where you enter
the adult entertainment industry has it
has it changed your perception yeah yeah
absolutely I spent so much time
wondering why did I do this this is not
me I was in it for such a short amount
of time and the entire time I was doing
it I was also asking myself every day
why am I doing this what is wrong with
me what is wrong with me that's like the
number one question and
I know what was wrong with me I had low
self-esteem I had no boundaries with
myself I didn't respect myself I didn't
like myself so many things were wrong
with me and all of these things
anyone can work on
it's hot it is it is hard though it's
hard once you become self-aware
there's no going back I think I cried
more in the first two years of being in
therapy than I ever did going through
anything I did in my in in my in my life
in my Adolescence in my early teens and
anything
this is why a lot of people don't go to
therapy it's hard it's hard that
self-awareness is like I mean
it's it's it no and especially once you
start realizing things about people in
your life that you've kind of put
rose-colored glasses on for all your
life
to make up excuses or to kind of change
the situation in your head so that you
don't actually have to face what the
reality was or or the fact that wow this
is actually a really situation this
person that I
love who's supposed to support me who's
supposed to be there for me was actually
not that great in Heinz not even in
hindsight in
in 2020 site in actual vision
and the um the shedding that takes place
when you can you become setting that's a
great way yeah that's great that's
exactly how it feels slowly letting
these pieces go
um what's interesting is when I read
about your your life post at the adult
entertainment industry which was only a
couple of months anyway all in all um
you sounded incredibly isolated so when
I think about the word shedding I think
of all these people that you're letting
go but in that period you sounded like
you were alone I remember the story of
you going to Austin and meeting your
friend on Twitter it's all those kinds
of things
um take me to that period then so you
you make the decision that that that
career is not for you
um what happens the next you know the
next day week month
post that [__] loneliness I was
living in an efficiency in inefficiency
is not even a studio it's
where this rug cuts off to that wall
that is wider than what it was but
definitely the length my toilet my
bathroom sink was also my kitchen sink
there was no stove there was a broken
window that I had tape over and there
was only one window it was it was like
it was it's a room I think they're
popular in South Florida or like I I
don't think you have them here because I
don't think they're legal to like sell
as Living Spaces
um very lonely extremely lonely but
at that point in my life loneliness was
better than what I was doing before and
that I think was the start of
the tiniest tiniest tiniest bit of
confidence that gave me the confidence
to take the risk of moving to Austin and
starting a new life and I was so lonely
I was so broke I was so lost I was so
confused but all I was completely 100
sure of was
I don't want to do porn I've never
wanted to do porn I'm never gonna go
back to that
and standing firm on my ground in my
morals in my boundaries in just
everything that that was like the
tiniest glimmer of confidence starting
to grow
standing firm in my boundaries even if I
didn't know that was a boundary I
couldn't pinpoint it I couldn't call it
that I didn't know what it was I didn't
have the verbiage or the knowledge or
the self-awareness to
call it what it was but that was how it
started I would not if I
if I hadn't moved to Austin I wouldn't
have started therapy I wouldn't have
that
that was the domino effect of
in a positive way in my life it could
have gone a completely other way and it
does for so many people and I'm
so so so grateful that
I was able to get out
that first domino falling which took you
to Austin in that new Direction was
there a catalyst was there something
that pushed that Domino
because I noticed that in this in the
sort of timeline of events you then at
the same time separate from your partner
around a similar time and then you leave
the adult entertainment industry is was
there a catalyst because those two
things those two decisions are huge
decisions and they feel correlated they
feel like they're attached I had nothing
to lose and I think that I also knew I
need to get the [__] out of Miami I was
in Miami at the time and it was where
everything happened and I just did not
want to be there anymore it was it it
felt daunting it felt like walls closing
in on me everywhere I went
um was there like a catalyst day though
something that happens that makes you go
fat I need to or was it just slow yeah
it was it was I mean it was the day I
met my best friend on Twitter I had I
didn't meet her that day on Twitter her
and I had been following each other for
a while she was
posts memes I like them vice versa
um
he her and I were talking about
something oh she said I'm looking for a
roommate I'm asking around the office
for a roommate and I said what if I
moved to Austin I don't want to live in
Miami anymore and then I started looking
up
how do you move States like what does it
take what does it require what paperwork
do I need for my dogs like all of that
stuff and then within a month I was
packed up and moved
and was that was there a catalyst for
you deciding to leave the adult
entertainment industry even though you
were there for a couple of months was it
I think I think it was
how overwhelming everything became so
fast
uh okay like that that was the reality
check it was like it was like a like
they when they turned the lights on at
the club at four in the morning like
whoa the floors are sticky and nothing
looks the same this is not what I
signed up for it's not what I expected I
[__] up
that's not a typical experience for an
actress in that industry no no it is a
very atypical experience because you
went from obscurity to
to number one in an industry in in weeks
yeah
so you you got hit by a [__] truck
okay that makes sense okay
you become a paralegal yeah for a very
short period of time like six months
tell me all about that nothing really
much to say it was for an insurance
defense firm it was pretty boring and it
was very much like like corporate the
insurance company that they represented
was
it was Geico so it was like a very
boring thing and it was
it was just paper pushing um it was
really weird to work there especially
since that was my first job where
I did it I I did the application and I
went into it thinking this is the shift
this is this is me putting Mia Khalifa
behind me and this is me like trying to
be a real human
um did not work everyone in the office
recognized me it was a very
uncomfortable work environment not
because
not because anyone was
overtly
inappropriate it was just
simply being in an office knowing anyone
who walked through did Double Take and
is like are you
so that was uncomfortable
um and then after that
I worked at a construction company just
doing bookkeeping and office work and
same thing I would have to go on a job
site and
the owner of the company just
made it so I like I
I can't go on job sites it was a
distraction it was not a good idea it
was people would be that in that
situation people would be inappropriate
sometimes but
yeah I I started to feel like a burden
in the office is where I was and I hated
that feeling and I was actually sitting
at that construction job in the office
when I was talking to Rachel and the DMs
like I'm gonna move to Austin let's do
it anxiety yeah
has that been a big part of your life
for much of your life yes very much so
and I think that has been prevalent from
the very beginning
the very beginning is in since you were
a kid or a teenager or yeah probably
even in utero I mean my parents grew up
in the Civil War in Lebanon and I lived
through
a lot of conflict in Lebanon whether it
be civil or the surrounding countries or
whatever but we left for a reason and
it's because it was dangerous so I think
I've always had that
like I jump when I hear a noise I jump
when someone who's been in the room for
four hours with me speaks even though
they haven't because they haven't spoken
in 10 minutes like I get scared like I
I'm a jumpy person
probably because of that
when was your anxiety at its highest
2019-2020
okay
so that's post Austin oh yeah yeah it
was when it was post everything but it
was
in the midst of uh the porn company
going after me publicly and
re-re releasing things and digging up
footage that was corrupted in in 2012 20
in 2013 whenever it was shot and
releasing it like it was new and that
coming back into the new cycle and them
just being
extremely abusive and exerting
improving that they still have control
over me because I signed a contract that
says in perpetuity on it
your life had had started to move oh
yeah I was married again I'm married
again 2019. you're where are you living
at this point I was living in L.A
um
yeah
I was living in La I was doing my own
thing I
was
starting
to figure out what it was I wanted to do
and and where I want like things were
really good that year it was it was the
year I had that little cameo in that
incredible show Rami
um that was that was really that was a
huge moment for me and I'm so grateful
for that moment and I'm so upset that
that moment was kind of overshadowed by
all of the negativity that came from
um the
the porn company in the subsequent
months
the porn company
um coming after you and attacking you
not something you would expect from a
company
a billion dollar company at that yeah it
goes to show you how Petty and personal
it is
um because the people who are behind it
aren't aren't exactly the CEOs it's it's
the
board pseudo producers who
who don't like that I'm out here talking
about
my experience
it it's very much individuals not the
company but these individuals do have
the power to speak on the company's
behalf what are they threatened by
I think they're threatened by
like you said earlier
most people in my position aren't in my
position because
they
this is the outcome that the girls want
who enter the industry most of them who
entered the commercial porn industry
um or the mainstream porn industry
they they want the fame they want the
infamy they want they want all of that
um
and I think for the first time these
individuals are experiencing someone who
is fully aware of what was happening and
is fully aware of what is and isn't
ethical and has the platform and the
resources to speak on all of those
things
what is your opinion of the industry no
I have a very
unfavorable opinion on it but I do think
that there are ethical and unethical
ways that you can support sex workers
and consume porn as
as someone who is a Creator or as
someone who is simply a consumer there
are ethical ways to do it granted any
company has its downsides like even only
fans
has trouble
policing and and regulating the people
who are on their site and the
every company has its downsides but I
would say that the major production porn
companies are all predatory and abusive
and unethical and
prey on vulnerable young women
and even me saying this I already know
that some of the responses back are
going to be from women in the industry
that say
no it's not no it's not it's great it's
fantastic everyone is so nice I love
this company I love working with I love
all of this and
to be honest with you I think that that
rhetoric is grooming I think that if
you're going to enter the industry and
you're going to be an advocate for it it
has to it has to come with a caveat and
that caveat needs to be
you shouldn't enter the industry unless
you've already kind of been in the
industry it shouldn't be a first option
for you like that shouldn't be something
that you simply go into because you like
it
think about it more wait on it more
the age to go into the industry should
not be 18.
you're putting contracts in front of 18
year old girls that have the words in
perpetuity on them do you know how
dangerous and predatory that is
these are three four five page contracts
Jesus Christ
I mean any contract when you're 18 years
old although it's like list reading the
legal verb it's it's jargon it's
literally another language
I was thinking about Miranda rights we
don't really have like Miranda right we
have our own version of it here but what
do you do think I'll save the queen I
thought I don't forget I've never been
arrested I'll let you know
but you get read your Miranda I watch
all of these like a US crime
interrogation videos it's like how I
fall asleep don't don't worry about it
wow but I see them anxiety
Miranda rights before they get
interrogated and then they get offered a
lawyer yeah
seems like maybe from what you're saying
that's not a bad idea if there was some
kind of like implications clearly stated
to people that are considering entering
the porn industry at a young age and the
opportunity to have a lawyer or at least
legal representation to impartially
explain as a as a third party the
potential
um implications For Better or For Worse
you know I don't think that's ever going
to be possible unless the laws change
around
what around around the the rights that
they have it's just those two words in
perpetuity it's in perpetuity what
vicious words yeah not not forever not
not on in your lifetime Not In Our
Lifetime on in in perpetuity of all
lifetimes in all existence who needs
that much control over a young woman's
body
they still own the website with your
name with your yeah
there's nothing you can do to have that
website taken down
I mean
there is but
it's
a very expensive lawsuit against a
billion dollar Corporation it's a
conglomerate they also own
that it Bang Bros isn't the only company
under that umbrella it's
it's a very it's very wide reach
the peak of your anxiety 2019-2020 if I
was a fly on the wall inside your
your apartment
wherever you're living back then what
would I have seen what would I observed
didn't shower I didn't brush my teeth
and eat didn't leave my bed was crying
all the time anytime I would open my
phone I felt I felt like
I felt like a prisoner in my own body
and in the world more so not just in my
own body because
I I didn't I I couldn't scream loud
enough there's nothing I could do
to make it go away or to make them stop
I honestly
the worst part about it was I knew that
if I if I went on and actually spoke
about how
how much it impacted me
that's that's what they would want
that that's that's exactly what they
would want
they were very annoyed that I started
naming them by name and that's when
everything started these individuals
value their privacy more than anything
in the world and it's because
of
all the unethical and immoral things
that they've done throughout their
careers
in this industry
so they all go by aliases too being
called out by their legal government
names was
not something they took kindly to and
that is why they chose to
release the video that the footage was
corrupted of 10 years ago
that's that was a pornographic video
yeah okay so they started releasing more
videos because she was speaking out
against them
and they started doing a variety of
other attacks making like mini Instagram
documentary yeah clips of you which I
thought I find I mean you'd expect like
a jealous bitter X to be doing something
like that that's exactly what they are
you know not a corporation that's
exactly what they are a jealous bitter
EX
act I look I look at all the decisions
I've made in my life and I think about
you know being 18 and deciding to do
this or that or 25 and doing this and
[__] up at that and you people look
back and they say there's always a
silver lining
is there a silver lining
yeah
I'm really funny trauma makes you funny
builds character
no of course there's a silver lining I'm
sitting in front of you today happier
than I've ever been I've
I am not the sum of the things I've been
through or the adversities I've faced
I'm not
the Silver Lining is
[__] happened it's over with
it's not over with actually it's
following me for the rest of my life but
I am no longer in the mental space that
I was back then so it's over with for me
and you get to make your silver lining
yeah and that's that's what I feel like
you've done is you've made a silver
lining because there's clearly you could
have gone several ways yes that's true
what are the ways you could have gone
I was acting on Instinct there wasn't a
time when I sat down and thought what do
I want with my life I I needed a job so
I acted on Instinct I applied to things
that I felt like I could do I'm good at
paperwork I'm good at I'm good at um
just
the administrative things I like I like
being left alone so I didn't want a job
where I was working with like I I was
always acting on Instinct there was
never really a plan what felt right it
felt right in the moment to get an
office job it felt right in the moment
to leave that one and go to another one
it felt right in the moment to leave
everything and move to Austin it felt
right in the moment in Austin to well
actually
I had a very that was the first time in
my life where I started forming a core
group of friends and people who were
still in my life to this day
um and they were the ones who convinced
me not convinced me but kind of
encouraged me to go to therapy
you'll know if you've listened to the
last few episodes of this podcast we're
now sponsored by the incredible whoop
and if you're anything like me and
juggling a fair few things every day who
could be a real game changer in your
life when I was a young entrepreneur I
liked to I think talk a little bit too
much about how many hours that I worked
how many emails I'd sent and all of
those kinds of things but I didn't have
a second thought on how
all of that work and that workaholism
was impacting my stress levels my
productivity my sleep My overall health
which is why I think the new stress
monitoring feature on my weep is so
important whoop is this small device on
my wrist that I wear during the podcast
it's a wearable health and fitness coach
and helps you to sleep better to train
harder live healthier and now manage
your stress one of the ways that it does
this is with scientifically back
breathing exercises developed with
leading neuroscientist Dr Andrew
huberman if you're someone who's
struggling to manage and overcome stress
I'd highly recommend you check out woop
it's been a genuine game changer for me
go to join.woop.com CEO to get a free
months week membership on me and let me
know how you get on I'm in an
interesting phase at the moment in my
fitness and health Journey because
because I'm training for soccer Aid
which takes place in June Old Trafford
I've been training a lot differently but
regardless of how I train regardless of
whether I'm doing strength training or
cardiovascular training which is
predominantly what I'm doing now I need
this which is Hills nutritionally
complete protein product the crazy thing
about this which I almost find hard to
achieve is that it's 20 grams of protein
you get 26 vitamins and minerals and
it's only roughly about 100 calories 105
calories and it tastes like a dream The
Salted Caramel one is my favorite I've
got the second favorite option of mine
in front of me which is Vanilla Fudge
both of them taste amazing a little bit
of ice in it it tastes like a fantastic
healthy milk milkshake
give it a try if you haven't already
this is actually next to RTD this is my
favorite product from heel
it's the product that I use the most
from here
try it love it number one protein powder
depression
another word different to anxiety in
many respects people often characterize
it with like thoughts of the past and
they think of anxiety as worries of the
future
um depression is another word that I
read a few times throughout your story
um again is that something that's kind
of been with you throughout life or is
that was that
post moving to Miami it was really that
2019-2020 oh really yeah yeah
um I went on Lexapro I went like I that
was when
I mean maybe I was depressed but it was
never diagnosed
I had two therapy sessions a week and a
psychiatrist and I was on Lexapro I was
on Propranolol I was on
beta blockers everything for anxiety
depression
all of that all of that was in was in
2019 2020 the when
when everything started to kind of get
rehashed and I felt like
um
being I'm very very grateful to be out
of
the depths of my depression but
um something that does keep me up at
night anxiety wise is where things are
headed with
Ai and
um
deep fakes and things like that because
that feeling of
of being violated all over again and
having no control like it's like trying
to run in a dream as hard as you as you
try it's it's impossible and it's a very
daunting feeling and you feel
claustrophobic and you feel like you're
trying to breathe underwater and all
these really really awful things that
that are out of your control that's what
that's what that feels like and I try
not to think about it for too long but
the AI still feels like that and the
Deep fake stuff yeah okay
it's [__] terrifying yeah
were people worried about you 2019 did
you have people around you that were
worried about you at that point I did I
did I'm very grateful I did because I'm
trying to think of this this step people
take when they go and have therapy or
they go to the doctor and say listen
something's wrong with me you're at home
this stuff's happening online this porn
company are targeting you what is this
what is the what was the Catalyst in
that moment to make you go do you know I
need to go get help oh I was still in
therapy yeah and my therapist said you
need a psychiatrist really yeah he said
I I'm like you need a psychiatrist I
can't prescribe you antidepressants
you you need you need a psychiatrist
here's some recommendations
again so what's life like I joined a TV
show so uh things change for me you know
people start stopping you in the street
and coming up during the gym and stuff
and you know I love you know it comes
with the territory of what I did I was
well aware of what I was getting into
also I joined the TV show when I was
like 28 29 so you kind of like you're
probably a bit more prepared mentally
for things and you understand the world
a bit better and you're not trying to
impress people as much as I was when I
was younger
but it was still an adjustment to say
the least
um what was life like for you that
post-miami period you're now moving on
with your life you're trying to you know
this porn company come for you what is a
life like day to day and when you go to
the coffee shop
I'm kind of glad you asked that because
it's a huge contrast to what it is now
even though it's kind of still the same
I would get recognized and I would get
come up to and I would get asked to like
take a photo with someone all the time
but my reaction to it is completely
different than
it is now I
would want to crawl into a hole and hide
away and be ashamed I was I was so
embarrassed I felt like a
like a warm feeling in my stomach like I
had just been punched or like I just
found out I was being cheated on or
something like it's just a very painful
visceral reaction
to be recognized and to know what you're
being recognized for
um and it wasn't until
I started to accomplish other things and
I started to be proud of things that
I've that I've done and things that I've
kind of
shifted and diverted into in my career
so those first few months to a year in
Austin I felt very I had a lot of social
anxiety and I didn't go out much
um because I didn't want to be
recognized
um I felt like
I I just didn't want to be recognized I
didn't want to be looked at I didn't
want to be perceived I didn't I didn't
want to leave my house
none of that but is that a form of like
self-hatred because you're like no
because no because it was more so the
people who were coming up to me college
guys like like men you know it it it
just made me uncomfortable because I
knew why they knew me and it wasn't
until I started accomplishing things
that I was actually proud of that that
changed I didn't feel that same like
gut-wrenching visceral feeling of Shame
when I would hear the name Mia or or get
called in the street or anything like
that like I the more I accomplished the
more proud I was of what I've built and
what I've changed and and all of these
things that I've done the more
comfortable I got with being recognized
because inherently people were
recognizing me for other things women
started to recognize me
everything kind of shifted the more that
I do and continue to do the more
the more the more that changes like I
I rarely get come like I get come up to
More by by women now than by men
and I love that
what was that path out of the there's a
book I from a psychiatrist had on this
podcast called The Path out of the
jungle for you what was the let's pass
through the jungle sorry but what was
the path out of the Jungle few that 2019
depression period like how did you for
people that might be in that situation
right now where they're really
struggling what was was it just time was
it Community Support was it the
medication how did you get out of that
phase everything all of that combined
all of that combined truly I don't think
I could have done it without shout out
to Lexapro without the Lexapro without
my support system without
without my job without people in my job
encouraging me to to
pursue what I want to do and and to and
to
not let fear of
of having something taken away from me
or or having something you had that fear
of having it taken away from you yeah of
course of course they're constantly
threatening me even using the name Mia
Khalifa and threatening you using the
name Mia Khalifa they think they have
ownership of it
okay which they do not it's my dog's
name and they tried to convince me not
to use Khalifa because they said No
One's Gonna know how to spell it but
yeah I I I'm constantly in fear of
they're a billion dollar Corporation yes
yeah the amount of lawsuits that they
field on a daily basis
they're being sued right now by um
by a company that does MLB trading cards
because they're trying to do trading
cards of
of actresses
you you married around that time right
2019 yeah a lot of what I read said that
that marriage had fallen apart because
the attention you were getting was
difficult for your partner
I don't know about that he's also
famous no no well he's a very popular
Chef okay um
but no that that was more of
irreconcilable differences now I'm just
kidding um it was it was a lot we we
were in therapy for a year okay an
entire year we tried I was we were
separated for
three months I lived in an Airbnb I
moved out of the house like we
we tried it was more so
it just very much came down to We Got
Married very too early we got married
too soon before we actually knew each
other we got married in the honeymoon
phase and
um
we were just very different
Tick Tock you've become a tick tock
sensation
I don't like to spend too much time on
Tick Tock because you know I I'll end up
not doing anything with my life I spend
too long on that because it's really
addictive but I went through your tick
tocks you're a comedian oh my God trauma
no but you know but you are you're
incredibly successful until I think that
Tick Tock is my favorite app and I think
that I'm very lucky that Tech talk is
just it's what it's where I spend the
most time I I kind of just get it I get
it it was very easy for me I love Tick
Tock so future Personality yeah
you've cultivated a group of people
there a huge group of people almost like
30 million people something crazy
um who love that side of Sarah yeah the
women on on on my Tick Tock are amazing
I'm very very
grateful for the community of women that
I found on there
a second ago you said about 10 years
time plans for 10 years time you said
now you have an answer
the answer is
two-car garage
decent backyard
um
three
very successful
still operating companies that I'm very
heavily involved in still I don't plan
on retiring anytime soon and hopefully a
kid on the way oh
in order to have a kid now there's a
couple of routes to having a kid that's
not true
in order to have a kid you can adopt one
you can steal one or you can have your
own
um all you know all of these past I mean
I'm sure there might be a fourth path
that I'm not yeah I wouldn't mind
stealing a four-year-old someone who's
already like into cartoons and stuff so
maybe that's the route I go by I go for
are you are you in a relationship now no
you know you're single yes how are you
finding that I talk a lot about my guess
about relationships and how dating in
the modern world is really really tough
it is tough it sucks especially for a
certain generation I think got caught
between like the digital world and like
the analog world yeah do you find it
tough obviously people know who you are
you're you're famous you're super famous
you've got like 60 million followers
plus
um do you find it tough to date very
very but I'm also not trying I've been a
Serial monogamous for a while I got out
of a
long-term long-ish term relationship a
few months ago
um
but
yeah
it's difficult it's difficult but I also
haven't tried but I'm I I don't I don't
know what I'm expecting I haven't gone
into the dating World in
maybe six years I've been in long-term
relationships what do you what would
make a great partner for Sarah
what would they have to have what would
be the jigsaw shape emotional
intelligence and a good relationship
with their therapist and with therapy in
general
um someone who's constantly working on
themselves and is self-aware and
understands the Ebbs and flows of
life and emotions and how it's not
always going to be even Keel how it'll
oscillate but also it doesn't
necessarily mean go from good to toxic
it means go from good to needing a
little more support then
then you normally have
men are not necessarily the best at
emotional intelligence but I think I'm
not ruling out women yeah good good
and business
three businesses
the business the jewelry brand can you
tell me all about your jewelry brand and
um the inspiration for that and your
vision for that
um I'm really really excited
to launch it it's called shaitan it's
the inspiration is
every woman who I've ever admired every
Arab girl who chooses yellow gold over
white gold every
just
women in general huge inspiration behind
it
um it's body jewelry for the most part
but it's also lifestyle
um
it will launch imminently and
yeah
why did you choose jewelry
because I love it I was I was custom
making the things that I wanted that I
couldn't find easily
um
hand lariats and foot lariats and belly
chains and bra chains and start like all
all of this stuff was extremely hard to
find so I was custom making it and
paying a lot for it
so
very excited to put out something that
is
extremely delicate and Precious and
Beautiful but also affordable
you know when you think about like the
ingredient ingredients list of your own
happiness right now in your life what is
on that list of ingredients what are the
like factors that need to be present for
you to feel like stable and
um
full hmm
I would say
70 percent alone time interesting 20
percent
time surrounded by people who energize
and recharge me and ten percent
just
10 [__] it
ten percent just if something feels
right do it Follow Your Instinct but
like I'm kind of scared of my instinct a
little too sometimes even though
yeah ten percent just listen to your gut
and going back to the start of the
conversation this is because you feel
closest to knowing who who you are yeah
yeah the most secure and
the decisions I make on a daily basis
and who are you
I'm Sarah
I'm Sarah [__] Joe
he's Senator Joe Sarah is Unapologetic
and
not Fearless pretty fearful but I think
that's a good thing cautious cautious
and
secure okay so Unapologetic and then the
second one was
not Fearless pretty fearful yeah but in
a good way cautious cautious cautious
okay
the Unapologetic part
I get that I sense that from you
where did that come from Rihanna
no really that came from oh absolutely
yeah yeah she has a whole album called
Unapologetic and that
that is what I base my
my personality off of
why what do you mean why why did you
choose debate there's so many different
albums Rihanna's made or oh that's
that's that's the one that just exude
that's the one that kind of that was her
that was her shift also that was her
moment of
now I know who I am and I'm Unapologetic
about it it might not be the bubble gum
pop girl you thought I was or wanted me
to be this is who I am and this is the
person who's not going anywhere
is that a stark contrast from the Sarah
I would have met had I met you like 18.
like I wanna if I like put that 18 year
old Sarah there and I had them both side
by side
I'm guessing Sarah 18 wouldn't be on
Unapologetic no well can you describe
how her her vibe would have been sat
here today
shriveled and secure quiet probably or
too loud just because insecurity screams
not not someone well actually no that is
someone who I would want to be around
because I feel empathy for her
and I forgive her and the journey to
Unapologetic was
from what I've gone in so far based on
the evidence you got from going out and
doing things and proving [__] to
yourself yeah that's so important I was
going to say this at the start of the
conversation this idea of confidence
people don't know how you said it like
how the [__] did you get confidence like
where does it come from how do I buy one
but from your own experiences it's the
evidence you gain from doing [__] that
changes your beliefs exactly it's all
evidence yeah you have evidence for like
low confidence is negative evidence yeah
and the confidence you've built over the
last couple of years is from
doing really cool [__] yeah exactly
we have a closing tradition on this
podcast where the last guest leaves a
question for the next guest okay and
they leave it written in this diary oh
Aristotle said give me the child at
seven and I'll show you
the man
or one
is it true that the first seven years of
your life
make you who you are
I think they have a huge impact just
psychology speaking it's like but
psychologically I think those are very
formative years
yeah seven years old you could have um
whispered some words into Sarah's ear
what would those words have been
you're amazing you're enough you're
perfect
thank you so much ma'am thank you Sarah
yeah that's okay learning about your
story and really like the reaction to
the mistakes you made when you were
younger is um incredibly inspiring for
me because we all make we will make
decisions especially in our young years
that you know through naive it's your
other or coercion or whatever it might
be we're not necessarily you know we
wouldn't make those decisions again and
the way you've responded to that and
built the life that you're building now
off the back of that and the audience
you've built around tick tock and social
media
um around your personality and your
humor is incredibly
hope inspiring it gives me a lot of hope
that regardless of you know the the
steps I make in my life there will be
um there's a way through there's a way
through the jungle and that's what your
story represents to me it's an
incredibly inspiring one and you're
um yeah you're an inspiration for that
very reason so thank you thank you I
appreciate that
[Music]
as you might know this podcast is now
sponsored by the incredible Airbnb and
Airbnb have saved me many many times
whenever I'm working away or on business
trips or on holidays but have you ever
thought about whether your home could be
an Airbnb when you're away on business
or on holiday or even just a part of
your home let me explain maybe your
roommate is moving out and you're
thinking about what to do with the extra
space well maybe you have a spare
bedroom that you've never used you could
Airbnb it and make some extra cash for
bills or to pay for anything in your
life holidays or just for some extra
money I've airbnb'd my place previously
and honestly the process couldn't have
been easier it's something I'd highly
recommend you all to check out your
extra room that extra space you have in
your house you might be surprised how
much it's worth I was surprised how much
it was worth and you can find out how
much it's worth by going to airbnb.co.uk
slash host that's airbnb.com host check
it out
[Music]
oh
you got to the end of this podcast
whenever someone gets to the end of this
podcast I feel like I owe them a greater
debt of gratitude because that means you
listen to the whole thing and hopefully
that suggests that you enjoyed it if you
are at the end and you enjoyed this
podcast could you do me a little bit of
a favor and hit that subscribe button
that's one of the clearest indicators we
have that this episode was a good
episode and we look at that on all of
the episodes to see which episodes
generated the most subscribers
thank you so much and I'll see you again
next time